VAS: Your friend is late.
He'll be here.
Oh, yeah?
I do have other bidders.
I personally vouch
for this man.
Ah. Well,
I trust you, Michael,
but you see, with each
degree of separation
comes a degree
of uncertainty.
Mr. Turner.
Mr. Vas.
The KGB once tried
to set me up.
So I had to kill
three of their agents
and then I hunted down
their families.
The point is,
if I sense anything out
of the ordinary...
No, the point is, I haven't
seen anything from you yet
to justify a payment
of $20 million.
So, before I hand over a small
fortune and risk my life,
I want to know 100%
that you can in fact
deliver a device.
That's the point.
Very well.
Michelle?
Owner's manual.
This is your show
of good faith?
Well, you're still alive.
You consider that
a show of good faith.
Now, what do
you have for me?
Down payment.
One million dollars.
So when do I get the device?
Let's say ten days.
Michael,
you take that telephone
and I will call you
and tell you how to proceed.
You keep it on you
all the time.
As for you, sir,
the next time we meet,
I suggest you be on time.
Nice coat.
(KEYS JANGLE)
Well done.
See you around.
So far so good?
Yeah, so far.
Kevin's got
a tail.
Is it Vas?
No, they don't look Russian.
They don't look friendly.
We better go back for him.
You ordered us not to
jeopardize our cover, sir.
Turn left.
Turn left!
(CHORAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Kill them!
Ambush on
the castle steps, sir.
Come on, faster.
Let's go!
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Get down! Get down!
Get down!
(GUNFIRE)
There he is! Pull over!
You're jeopardizing
the mission.
You are the mission.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
God, that was close.
Did you see
who they were?
Kevin?
Doesn't this all smack
of extreme desperation?
A nuclear bomb
that fits neatly into
a carry-on suitcase?
Kevin spends two years
getting close to these people
in order to position
you as the buyer.
Vas won't deal with
anyone else and we have
nine days to make this work.
I'd say desperation
was the order of the day!
Maybe Vas set Kevin up.
My guess is
it's a rival buyer.
Could be Pakistanis,
Chechens, North Koreans.
Libyans.
Try the entire Middle East.
Haduk Vas is a businessman.
He'll take anyone's money.
So why kill Kevin
if they could just outbid him?
'Cause we have
deeper pockets, that's why.
He priced them
out of the game.
Who do you think it is?
Well, the Cold War is over.
These guys don't wave
flags anymore,
and fanaticism,
terrorism is global.
Well, whoever it is decided
to eliminate the competition
and force Vas
to deal with them.
OAKES: So the future of
the so-called free world
may rest in this
young man's hands.
Jake Hayes, here.
Big Time Tickets.
Whatever you want
I can get you.
Yankees, third base line.
Knicks, court-side.
Rangers on the ice.
Masters, I'll put you
on Tiger's tee, all right?
No matter what
you want, I got it for you.
Big Time Tickets.
What you need?
Oh, come on, man!
You gonna call me
three hours before tip-off
against the Lakers?
The Knicks sell out
every game, money.
Since I like you,
for $850 I'll get you
section 24, row 9,
twelve back from the bench.
Right behind Woody
with a good view of Spike
unless he got that turban
thing on and starts looking
like Yasir Araknick.
Check!
Hold on a sec.
(PHONE BEEPS)
What's up?
Big Time Tickets, JK.
What you want?
Checkmate!
Lion King?
I can't do that.
Jake Hayes here.
Big Time Tickets.
Mr. Johnson! You gonna
go to the game tonight
or you wanna
do some business?
Shit! He's kicking
your ass.
Hey, don't look at me.
You need to watch that castle,
he's about to bitch-slap
your bishop.
(IMITATES BUZZER)
You lose, Opie.
Damn!
Okay, so I'll give you
$400 for the two.
Yo, J, let's get a slice.
Hold on a sec.
(PHONE BEEPS)
Hello, Big Time Tickets.
Hey!
Hey, man, I can't...
I can't go.
You always working.
Hey, honey. What's up?
Okay, I'm gonna
pick you up from work
then we'll talk all about it.
Okay, love you, too. Bye.
I got to pick up my girl, man.
So check this out.
You're gonna do this, right?
Then I'm gonna do this.
Then you're gonna do this.
Then you're gonna want to do
this, but I'm gonna do this.
And when you thinkin' about
doing this, I'm gonna do this.
And then the game's over.
So why don't you give me
$20 right now and
we'll save 20 minutes.
Screw you.
You didn't know chess was
a contact sport, did you?
Hey, honey.
SEALE: Julia Benson.
She's a nurse's aide.
They've been together
three years.
She lives with her sister
and brother-in-law
in Jersey City.
Amazing resemblance
to Kevin, sir.
Yeah.
Like seeing a ghost.
Now, I don't know
how you're gonna react.
(LAUGHS)
Come on!
Wait a minute.
I should have known.
The mood swings,
the weight gain...
What weight gain?
You're pregnant.
You're pregnant!
I want everybody to know.
Hey, everybody!
My woman's having a baby
and we're getting married!
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
I'm not pregnant.
You know, we don't have
to get married. I mean,
marriage is a big step.
We should wait a while.
We're young.
I'm moving to Seattle.
Seattle, like, Seattle
Supersonics Seattle?
Wait a minute.
(STAMMERS)
That's pretty far.
I got offered a job there.
What kind of job are you gonna
get is Seattle that you can't
get in New York?
A friend of mine from
junior college called, and...
Who?
Kenneth.
Your ex-man Ken?
Look. He's managing a company
out there, and he offered.
So you're leaving me
and going back to Ken?
No!
Are you leaving me?
Sort of.
But it's not the way...
So you're leaving me
and going back to Kenneth.
That's what I asked you.
The Ken part
is just business.
And what's
the leaving me part?
Pleasure?
Pain.
Your sister put
you up to this.
She never liked me.
It's been
three years, Jake.
I know it's been
three years.
And we're in the same
situation that we were
in when we met.
Meaning we're
not married.
We're not married,
we can't afford
to get married.
And it doesn't look like
it's ever gonna change.
You know, poor people
do get married.
Yeah, I know.
But I don't feel like
fighting with you every day
because we're broke!
I mean,
marriage is hard enough
without being poor.
Hey, what happened
to the love?
What happened
to all that romance?
You know I love you,
but you are living
in this fantasy.
It's like you're waiting
for some kind of miracle.
I got to live in reality.
I am not gonna be
young forever.
Oh, I see. So you got
to put yourself back
on the market
while the merchandise
is still fresh!
You act like there's
a damn expiration date
on your forehead!
Come on,
come on.
I'm sorry.
You think I like
living like this?
Moving tickets,
hustling chess,
DJ-ing at these
little clubs?
I know. I should have stayed
in college. I messed up.
I messed up.
I'll go back to college.
I love you, Jake.
I love you too.
But I...
So when are you leaving?
Couple of weeks.
But, we'll talk
before then.
Why?
(INAUDIBLE)
♪ Breathe in, breathe out
♪ Do the monastery
Go on, let it out
♪ Breathe out, breathe in
♪ Put ya back out
and let ya knees bend
♪ Kickin' through the door
♪ Throwback Vokal valore
♪ I see me a do it
fresh off tour
Head to the floor
♪ Take it round, round
Chickenhead breakin' it down
Hey, what's up, man?
What's wrong?
Julie left me.
Sorry. Um...
I got to go.
But I'll catch you tomorrow.
All right.
♪ There will be no
extra space to waste
♪ Pick up the pace
See your heart rate
♪ And if you start
to hyperventilate
♪ Breathe in, breathe out
♪ Do the chickenhead
Go on, let it out
♪ Breathe out, breathe in
♪ Put ya back in
and let ya knees bend... ♪
♪ I'm all out of love
(ALL BOOING)
♪ I'm so lost without you
♪ I know you were right
♪ Believing for so long
♪ I'm all out of love
♪ What am I without you
♪ I can't be too late
Hey! You get your shit
together or I'm gonna
have to fire your ass!
That's right!
♪ I want you to come back
♪ And carry me home
♪ Away from these long,
lonely nights
♪ There's no easy way
♪ It gets harder each day
♪ Please love me
or I'll be gone
♪ I'll be gone
♪ I'm all out of love
♪ I'm so lost without you
♪ I know you were right
♪ Believing for so long
♪ I'm all out of love
♪ What am I without you?
♪ I can't be too late
♪ To say that I was so wrong ♪
(CELL PHONE CHIMING)
Julie, Julie, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Uh, Big Time Tickets.
Yeah, for what game?
Well, how much
you want to spend?
Yeah, I can get it.
HAYES: So where you at?
Where the hell's that?
Thank you very much.
Now take off.
DRIVER: Whatever.
CAREW: Hop out.
HAYES: Hey. What's up?
Give me your phone.
What's up? Hey, hey, hey!
Come on, man!
Relax.
What y'all want?
Come on. Come on.
Relax.
Do you know how hard
it was for me to get a cab
to come up here?
I hope y'all are
getting me a ride back.
Come on.
I know you're cops, man.
What do you want, money?
Oh, I understand.
Y'all shot someone
and now y'all need a suspect.
Mr. Hayes?
Jacob Hayes?
I'm Officer Oakes.
That's Officer Seale.
Officer Swanson.
Officer Carew.
What, CIA? What's that for?
Crackers In my Ass?
You gonna arrest me
for scalping tickets?
We just want to talk
to you about something.
About what?
About your brother.
Well, you got the wrong guy.
I don't even have a brother.
That's just a picture
of me in a suit.
Could have got that
off the Internet.
I saw a picture of Bill Gates
with three titties on the Net.
Okay, September 8th, 1970.
Bellevue Hospital,
New York City.
A woman, registered
as Mary Jeffries,
gives birth to
identical twins,
but suffers complications
during labor and dies
the next day.
What about the father?
SEALE: Thomas B. Jeffries.
Presumed alive.
Whereabouts unknown.
The state rarely
separates twins,
but one of the infants,
Jacob, that's you,
was diagnosed with
severe lung infection.
You still have the scar
from the chest tube,
the incision mark.
An administrator
at the hospital altered
the birth record
to give the healthy child
a better chance at adoption.
A week later,
Roger and Glenda Pope
took in Kevin Jeffries.
The Popes never knew.
Kevin never knew.
So I have a twin brother.
Big deal.
What's the CIA
have to do with this?
What, he couldn't
send me a letter?
Your brother's dead.
How?
A helicopter crash.
We need your help,
Mr. Hayes.
Your brother was working
on something with us.
My twin brother was CIA?
Yeah.
A clandestine operative.
And just before he was killed
he set up a deal.
What kind of deal?
A very important one.
So we need you to
stand in for him.
Um, you know, just briefly.
Pretend I'm him?
Yeah.
For how long?
Nine days.
HAYES: Nine days.
That's not standing in.
Standing in's like an hour.
Nine days, that's like
going on tour.
Is this shit dangerous?
Yeah, there's some risk.
Well, what kind of risk?
We talking bad credit risk?
Or bullet-in-ass risk?
You'd be well-compensated.
For bullet-in-ass risk?
I hope that's a lot
of compensation.
How much?
Throw out a number.
One billion dollars.
You've overshot.
Well, I don't know
what kinda budget
you're working with.
Well, we were thinking
somewhere in the region of,
let's say...
Uh, $25,000.
Fifty.
Yeah, 50. I figure you
started with 25,
so I know you got more,
and you ain't gonna give me
all your money.
$50,000.
This is what I'm thinking,
Mr. Hayes.
With $25,000, your girlfriend
Julie could go to college.
She wouldn't
have to go to Seattle.
Or work with Ken.
Okay. Here's what
I'm thinking.
You're gonna give me
$50,000, tax-free.
Okay, $50,000 after tax
after the job is done.
Half now, half after.
Ten now, 40 after.
Unless my mother had triplets
you're gonna give me
10 now, 90 after.
Okay, you got a deal.
So when do we start?
Now.
This is your
brother's file.
Study it.
HAYES: So there's homework?
Preparation.
Okay.
Let's see,
Dad sits on the board
of the New York
Stock Exchange.
Mom, Co-artistic Director
at Lincoln Center.
Must have been nice.
In my foster house
we were so poor,
we used to lick stamps
for dinner.
Let's see,
prep school at Exeter.
Then college
at Dartmouth.
Served in
the Naval Academy.
That's right.
What did he serve?
Lunch?
Oh, man.
Rhodes scholar.
So my brother
was real smart, huh?
Yeah.
Damn, the CIA is cheap!
Y'all could have at least
got me a queen size.
What's this, jack size?
Hey, uh, what's that
zahs-nod mean?
It's Czech for bathroom.
You'll find the room labeled
with phonetic translations.
Why?
'Cause the deal goes down
in the Czech Republic.
Czech Republic?
Here's a dictionary.
Hey, how do I get
the outside line?
I need somebody
to feed my cat.
You don't have an outside line
and you don't have a cat.
Okay, so what am I supposed
to be doing here?
There's a tape in the VCR.
It's a video of your brother.
Watch it. The way he talks
and the way he moves.
I know there's
a lot to deal with here,
but we're all behind you.
We'll start in the morning.
You got any questions?
Yeah.
If my brother
was such a genius,
then how come he's dead?
5:00 a.m.
Hey, I don't do 5:00 a.m.
So, bottom line,
what are our chances?
Well, I'd say
anywhere between
nil and zero.
Why do you say that?
Well, I grant you
he's got potential.
He's pretty street-smart.
In six months
he could probably fool
his brother's own parents.
But eight days? Come on.
You got to be kidding.
Probably get himself killed
on this mission and anyone
else who goes along with him.
Would you like
to be replaced
on the mission?
Why? You saying you're going
ahead with or without me?
Yeah, that's precisely
what I'm saying.
Well, sir,
when do I tell him
what this mission involves?
Well, if I were you
I would tell him
as little as possible.
Don't put anything
into his head he can't use.
And certainly nothing
that could pop out
at the wrong time.
Okay.
What's he doing now?
He's studying.
We told him
to learn a few key
phrases in Czech.
(AWKWARDLY READS OUT WORDS)
Well, he seems dedicated.
(CONTINUES READING)
What's he saying?
He said, "I haven't had my
period in three months."
(HAYES CONTINUES READING)
Now what?
"Where's the hospital?
I have a vaginal infection."
(SNICKERS)
Yeah, this is going to
be really interesting.
Can't wait to get started.
Rise and shine, Mr. Hayes!
5:00 a.m. and all is well.
How about three more hours
of sleep and some breakfast?
How about a nice shower?
Hey, hey! Hey, hey!
What's wrong with you?
Morning.
Today we'll be covering
basic operations protocol
for the acquisition
of foreign assets,
a procedure we like to call,
the three I's.
Identifying the target,
initiating the contact
and infiltrating the network.
Now you do it like him.
Man, this is bugging me out.
I feel like Michael Jackson
looking at old album covers.
I mean, look at this guy,
he looks like me,
but it's not me.
Yeah.
So what did he like to do?
I mean, what kind of
sports was he into?
What kind of music
did he listen to?
He liked music.
He liked jazz and classical.
Classical? Like Run DMC?
He didn't like rap.
Oh, come on, man.
What 29-year-old
brother don't like
a little bit of rap?
He didn't listen to rap.
So what kind of sports
was he into?
Skiing.
Okay, so you got skiing,
the Navy, no rap.
Yeah, we'd have had
a lot in common.
(WHISPERS)
Sir? That meeting's
about to start.
OAKES: What time?
Um, well, Yates is gonna...
Okay.
All right.
I'll be there.
Thanks.
So what's up with you
and Swanson?
Hmm?
Oh, come on, man.
I see there's something
going on there.
Y'all got a little something
going on. Come on now.
Look at you.
You're blushing.
Do you mind if I say something
to you, Mr. Hayes?
My friends,
Officer Seale,
Officer Swanson,
they have faith in you.
I don't.
And that creates a problem
because you're in
so deep with us now,
we can never let you go.
So you'd better learn
this stuff, stone cold,
by 0500 hours
tomorrow morning.
Or what?
I'll kill you.
Hey, could we start
a few hours later tomorrow?
(YELLS)
(SCREAMS)
OAKES: Get dressed.
It's 4:59!
(RAP MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ There ain't no troubles
in rock
♪ On every block
♪ Late for school
Late for work
♪ But ahead of these cop cars
♪ My credit is shot
♪ In the detonate box
♪ Like, people take my life
♪ And that's pathetic as Pac's
♪ Right away,
blow your life away
♪ So light your haze
♪ Hold tight grenades
♪ So when it blows
I'm slightly grazed
♪ Kuniva might be crazed
♪ Unleashin' unlikely rage
♪ The next time you hear
a verse from me
♪ I might be caged... ♪
Swirl.
Checking for sediment.
Sniff.
And taste.
(RAP MUSIC CONTINUES)
Morning, Mr. Hayes. 5:00 a.m.
HAYES: No, 5:01.
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ I believe in people flying
♪ I believe in people crying
♪ I believe in
people breathing
people being... ♪
Pope. Kevin Pope.
Man! (LAUGHS)
Look at this suit.
Man, I got initials
on my cuffs.
Normally, the only thing
I've ever had on my cuffs
is steak sauce!
Whoo!
They say MT.
What's that for?
Michael Turner.
But I thought
I was Kevin Pope.
Kevin Pope is Michael Turner.
Michael Turner is
Kevin Pope's cover identity.
He's a very successful,
very knowledgeable,
very sophisticated
international dealer
in fine antiquities.
Well, if I'm Jake Hayes
playing Kevin Pope
playing Michael Turner,
then I should
get two checks!
SEALE: Cheers.
This is a very rare,
expensive cognac.
What do you think?
Dry.
But never precocious.
I love your shirt.
Egyptian broadcloth?
Three days.
Pretty impressive.
Yeah, he's bright.
I think he can do it.
He's got my vote.
I said he was bright.
I didn't say he was capable
of saving the world.
Let's run a real test.
Like what?
Send him up to New York,
put him in Kevin's apartment,
let the neighbors,
the doorman, everybody
get a look at him.
See if they buy him
as Michael Turner.
It might even serve
a double purpose.
Whoever tried to kill Kevin
as Michael Turner probably
doesn't know he's dead.
They might still
be looking for him.
So we dangle him,
use him as bait?
Keep him in the dark.
He'll be protected.
What do we tell him?
Tell him we're giving
him a chance to
practice being Kevin.
That's all you
need to tell him.
You're the boss.
OAKES: Now, you see
the van in front of us?
The one behind us?
Those are our guys.
Here's my cell phone number.
Use it if you get into
any kind of trouble.
What kind of trouble?
Any kind.
Shark attack? Call you.
All right.
Could you pop the trunk?
Take this.
Get yourself some shoes.
Little punk.
Mr. Turner,
welcome back, sir.
Thanks, Tim.
Hmm. Mmm-mmm!
How was Europe?
Like another country!
(LAUGHING)
Whoo!
You could put
this on MTV Cribs.
Man, this is dope!
God!
So if I paid taxes,
this is where the money
would go, huh?
You could have
a puppet party in here.
Let's get a little
music in here.
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
(HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
OAKES: What's that music?
It's this hip-hop stuff.
It's terrible.
SEALE: Jake, it's your
downstairs neighbor,
Mrs. Patterson.
Don't forget the radio.
(CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS)
Hi, Michael!
Welcome back.
Vera, how are you?
Fine. Fine, thank you.
Hi, Annabella.
We just came in
and the doorman
said you were back.
Annabella missed you.
Oh, you're far too kind.
I've been waiting desperately
for you to come back.
Oh, why?
I bought a little treasure.
Come on down and tell me
if I got a good buy.
Oh, okay.
Hold your baby.
Yes, my baby!
How was your trip?
Uh...
This is gonna
be a disaster.
Hello!
Go see your nanny, baby.
What do you think?
Is it a good piece?
Uh...
It's exquisite!
Ooh, do you think?
Go ahead. Pick it up.
Feel it to see
how delicate it is.
Uh, pick it up, right?
Yes, just grab it
and pick it up.
Michael...
That's what we keep
the doggy treats in.
Of course. I knew that.
I was just getting it
out of the way
so I could see the...
The vase.
The vase!
Of course. The vase!
Yes.
Uh, may I ask,
how much did
you pay for this?
$150,000.
Good Lord! What you
gonna put in it, cocaine?
He fooled the doorman,
he fooled the neighbor
and he fooled
the neighbor's dog.
What more do you want?
Oakes, we need to know
who's after that bomb.
And you're willing to
sacrifice him to find out?
Don't be dramatic.
He's got plenty of protection.
I'll tell you
when to pull him.
(TRIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS)
Hope you're not watching this!
I don't have to
watch this, do I, sir?
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
Oh, no. Holy shit.
Code Red. Code Red.
(MAN GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
Parish and McCain,
cover the exits!
Help! Help! Help!
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMING)
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
Sir, he's headed
for the roof.
OAKES: We need him alive.
SEALE: Yes, sir.
MAN: Hey!
(YELPS)
Watch it!
Drop the knife.
Hey, Elvis, if you drop
the knife and step down,
no one is going to hurt you.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SCREAMING)
So, who's got Jake?
(RAP MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Anno Domini anything goes
♪ Be whatchu wanna be
♪ Long as you
know consequences
♪ To give and for livin'
♪ The fence is... ♪
Well, these last ten minutes
will be used as a teaching aid
on how an operation
can get totally...
Screwed up, sir?
Thank you.
We'll find him, sir.
(CELL PHONE CHIMING)
Yeah? Where are you?
The corner of Eat Shit
and Fuck You!
I'm not gonna
let you trace me!
Bye! I'll call you back!
(CAR HONKS)
I'm stuck in traffic.
I ask you to do
one simple thing...
Gimme that!
What? Whoa!
Okay, run fingerprints, DNA,
anything we can get on
the guy who jumped
off the roof.
Yes, sir.
He looks Afghani, sir.
Don't assume anything.
Just find Jake.
(CELL PHONE CHIMING)
Yes, sir.
Jake...
Kevin was murdered!
Like they were gonna
murder me, right?
Let's meet someplace...
No more bullshit!
We lost him
because we lied to him.
No, you lost him
because you lost him.
We treated him like an idiot.
He had a right to know
what we were doing with him.
We're wasting time!
Find him and bring him back.
And spare me your conscience.
Spare my conscience.
MAN: Take it easy, buddy!
HAYES: Thanks a lot.
♪ Six million ways to live
♪ Six million ways
to live life
(PHONE RINGS)
Yeah.
HAYES: Hello?
Hello? Hey, Pam, it's Jake.
Can I talk to Julie?
She don't want
to talk to you.
JULIE:
Who's on the phone?
Hey, Pam.
I need to talk to Julie.
Please. Please.
This is serious.
Is it Jake?
Wait, let me talk to him.
She's moving on.
Gimme me the phone.
We don't need
no more trouble, Jake.
Okay, and you ain't
nothing but trouble.
Pam...
Two suits came around
here today looking
for you.
(SIREN WAILING)
JULIE: Give me the phone.
Hey, hey, hey.
Shit, your phone's tapped!
Your phone's tapped.
Okay, if Julie's there,
tell her I love her.
And Oakes, if you're
listening, kiss my ass!
You get a trace?
No.
He hung up.
♪ Six million ways to live
♪ Six million ways
to live life
OAKES: Mr. Hayes,
where are you?
Where in the hell are you?
I'll see y'all next week.
(CHUCKLES)
♪ Six million ways to live
♪ 'Cause there's six million
ways to live lavish
♪ Beyond all the misery
and mathematics
♪ Oh, there's six million
ways to live
♪ Six million ways to live ♪
HAYES: Ma.
Help! Help!
Ma! Ma! Ma!
Somebody!
Ma, it's me! It's me!
Ma, it's me!
Help! Help!
It's me!
Jakey?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're gonna break my arm!
Well, what are you doing
in the dark?
Some people are
looking for me, and...
What did you do?
I didn't do nothing.
I didn't do nothing!
It's not what you think.
It's not the police.
It's way too
hard to explain.
Look at this.
Eight foster kids I've taken
into my house over the years.
And all of them
made something
of themselves
and not one of them
had your potential.
Oh, come on, Ma.
Selling and scrambling
and hustling.
(SIGHS)
Ma, did you know
I had a brother?
Oh, stop talking crazy!
You had lots of brothers.
How's that nice girl
I met last Christmas?
She left me.
Hand me that umbrella
so I can hit you again.
You know, Ma,
maybe it wasn't my fault?
You need money?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, I need money.
How much do you need?
I won $250 at bingo!
(CHUCKLES)
It's just for a little while.
I'll pay you back.
Yeah, I know.
(CHUCKLES)
You want something to eat?
You know what?
I really got to go.
I'm never giving up
on you, Jakey.
You're gonna do something
to make me very proud one day.
I know it.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
I owe you an apology.
You hear me?
I was just wondering
how many of your people
are listening in?
No, we're alone.
No cameras, no wires.
Just me.
HAYES: You got the floor.
Your brother
was assassinated.
By the same guys
who came after me, right?
I guess so.
Doing the same job as you.
Which is what?
Your brother as
Michael Turner
was helping me buy something
off the black market.
What? What?
Cuban cigars?
PlayStation 3? What?
I can't tell you if you're not
coming back in with us.
Well, I'm not coming back in
with you if ain't telling me.
Your brother died saving
my life. Did you know that?
It should have been otherwise,
but that's the way it is.
How are his
parents taking it?
You didn't tell
his parents?
No, and that's
the way we want it.
How would you feel
if you died and
nobody told your wife?
I'm not married.
What, there's no
Mrs. Spy?
Not anymore.
Relationships and attachments
are useless in this business.
So that's how
this job is.
Even if they don't shoot
you, they take your life.
I know it sounds hokey,
but I honestly believe
our lives are about something
bigger than ourselves,
and I'm offering you a chance
to commit to yourself
to something.
You ain't offering me
nothing but a chance
at a bullet in my ass.
I don't see the higher
meaning in that.
Tell you what I'm gonna do.
Thank you.
No problem.
I'm going outside,
I'm gonna sit in the car
and I'll count to 10.
If you want to join me, fine.
If not, I'll tell the agency
I couldn't find you.
We can't pull this job off
without you.
We need you.
Think about it.
(SIGHS)
Oh, well.
Well, that didn't
work, did it?
No.
"I'm gonna go outside
and count to 10"?
Who the hell are you?
You would have
done better with
"Bitch, get in the car."
Okay.
Get in the car, bitch.
OAKES: This is the man
who tried to kill you.
We now know that
he's a member
of a multinational
terrorist organization
led by this man.
Meet the man who killed
your brother, Dragan Adjanic.
He's wanted by The Hague
for terrorist crimes
against humanity.
So he's a fugitive
everywhere in the world
including his own country.
He calls his movement
The Black Hand.
His members take
a death pledge,
becoming suicide soldiers
to further their cause.
Last year, the FBI caught
four of his men
in a Washington DC motel,
with enough ureanitrate
to level the Capitol building.
He doesn't like America
and he doesn't like you.
Wait a minute,
what did I do?
He's your rival buyer.
For the item that
this man has to sell.
This is Adrik Vas.
He's a Russian,
ex-army colonel,
kingpin in the
Russian mafia.
He's up to his neck
in prostitution,
drugs and extortion.
That sounds like anybody
I went to high school with.
This is Vas's
right-hand man.
His name is
Michelle Petrov,
otherwise known
as The Hammer.
Remember these faces
because you're gonna be
seeing them soon.
Why do they call this guy
The Hammer?
Whoa!
(MUFFLED SCREAM)
What? What?
OAKES: Good evening.
Isn't this fun?
This is an exercise
known as Kim's game.
It's meant to test
your awareness.
What can you tell me
about your attackers?
They woke me up.
Look, man, if you
want me to spy,
I'm gonna need
my rest.
How many were there?
Didn't I just say
they woke me up?
Yeah, that's the weird thing
about an ambush.
Next time, we'll try
and warn you.
Do you understand
what happened to you
just now?
Yeah, I was jacked.
OAKES: No, you panicked.
When you thought
you were in danger,
your brain shut down.
So what's the point of having
a good brain
if you can't
keep it operating?
My brain didn't
shut down!
I knew
it was Swanson
'cause I could feel her tits
on my back.
I knew it was Carew
'cause his breath
smelled like shit.
Probably from kissing
your ass so much.
I knew it was Seale
because I took
his wallet.
Hey, Seale, why does
a married man need a condom?
Your wife know?
You wanna know
how I knew it was you?
Okay, thank you.
Game's over.
Good night.
Oh, where you going?
You're gonna leave
like that, huh?
Come back!
Y'all got me up.
Let's do something.
Let's hit a club
or something.
Based on our
intelligence projections
and the text manual
provided by Agent Pope,
this is a mock-up
of what you'll be buying.
Does it play DVDs?
It's a portable
thermonuclear weapon.
So that's a bomb.
It's a reproduction.
Last year,
a Russian suitcase bomb
was stolen from
a dismantling facility
in the Ural Mountains.
Your brother
tracked it down.
We need you
to recover it.
Two things you're gonna
have to do.
Would one of them be
shitting in my pants?
Welcome to Prague.
HAYES: Looks like Newark.
Welcome back to the hotel,
Mr. Turner.
Thank you.
Mr. Turner, so glad
to have you back, sir.
Thank you,
Lempenka.
I hope you haven't
given out my room.
Certainly not, sir.
This is beautiful.
Her name is Lenka.
You just called her
"Lempenka,"
which means
"cardboard."
HAYES: Wow, wow.
(CHUCKLING)
Man, it's gonna be hard
to go back to Jersey.
We'll be in the suite
across the hall.
(BEEPS)
We have full video
and audio surveillance
of this room.
(BEEPING)
All right, now, when
I go to the bathroom,
press the pause button.
Just stay
in the room.
You've got nothing
to worry about.
Yeah, excepting my little date
with a nuclear bomb.
Okay, this is
our lifeline.
Our only link
to Adrik Vas.
Nothing happens
till he calls.
Don't let it out
of your sight.
And remember,
from now on,
there's no Jake,
there's no Kevin,
only Michael Turner.
Man.
I think I'm gonna like
being Michael Turner.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Pretty woman
Walking down the street
I think maybe you wanna
take a look at this.
(MUSIC CONTINUES
THROUGH COMPUTER)
Okay, what the hell's
he up to now?
♪ Pretty woman ♪
(WOMEN LAUGHING)
(BUZZES)
(MUSIC CONTINUING)
HAYES: Hey!
Fish egg?
They're good, man.
(WOMEN LAUGHING)
Beluga, sir.
It's 12,000 crowns
an ounce.
Party's over.
(MUSIC SHUTS OFF)
No, the party
just started.
Soon as
y'all leave,
I'm gonna have
my ass buffed.
(WOMEN LAUGHING
RAUCOUSLY)
This little piggy
go to market.
Make sure you put
my initials on the big toe.
People need to know
whose feet this is.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
That's Vas.
Where's the cell phone?
Phone, phone, phone,
phone, phone.
Thank you.
(WOMEN LAUGHING)
(SHUSHING)
Hello.
Yeah, we'll be there.
(BEEPS)
It's Vas.
The deal's on
in an hour.
YATES: Now your eye.
(BEEPING)
Look right into
the computer screen.
Wait for confirmation.
Okay, that's it.
All right, from this
point on,
only you will be able
to access your computer.
It won't operate without
your retinal signature,
your eyes.
So, when they show you
the bomb,
connect your laptop.
Determine if the bomb
is the real thing.
And take enough time
doing it,
so Welles can download
their arming codes,
and hopefully their
disarming codes
into our computer.
Good luck, Mr. Hayes.
We have visual.
You'll do fine.
Everyone's nervous
the first day of school.
I always cut
Don't worry.
We're covered
from every angle.
Can't wait to meet
The Hammer.
These guys must be
the toolbox.
Should we move in,
sir?
YATES: No.
Not till we're sure
they brought the bomb.
There's too much
at stake.
Nice coat.
Gentlemen, are we going
to do business or aren't we?
That depends, Michael.
Where have you been
for the last nine days?
I don't believe
that concerns you.
On the contrary,
it concerns me very much.
We make a deal,
you disappear.
Doesn't look good,
my friend.
Heads up, McCain.
Be advised.
Targets are armed.
YATES:
Maintain your positions.
Everyone, maintain
your position.
SWANSON: Copy that, sir.
Do we have
a problem?
I don't know. You tell me.
Do we have a problem?
Do we?
(SCOFFS)
Give me the cell phone
I gave you earlier.
Don't worry.
I only made
collect calls.
Look, I don't know
what this is about, but...
No, you don't.
So shut up.
Neither does Mr. Turner.
You see, this cell phone
has a global
positioning system.
In a moment,
it'll tell me exactly
where you've been
the last nine days.
Fantastic, eh?
Well, haven't you
been busy?
Oh, you get around.
Berlin, Rome,
Zurich.
(SCOFFING)
And not one decent
treasure to show for it.
Well, where's the money?
Where's the product?
Nearby.
So how do we do this?
I'm gonna call you
on this cell phone.
Then you have one hour
to get the money, Michael.
Then I will call you again
and tell you where
to bring it to.
You understand?
HAYES: Well, I'm gonna
have to run some tests.
So make sure you bring
authentic merchandise.
Fair enough.
I wouldn't buy a car without
checking under the hood.
(CHUCKLES)
Are we agreed?
Yes.
No, we're not bringing
money anywhere.
No?
I'll have someone transfer
the remaining $19 million
when Mr. Turner tells us
we have a viable device.
It can be done
by computer.
One of my men will be
standing by at this address.
You will send one
of your brain trust
to verify the money's
in your account.
And that's it.
We'll give you
a hostage?
Yeah, and
you'll get one.
We'll call it
a security deposit
which neither of us
will get back
if we screw up or
if we leave a mess.
It's that simple.
Now we have an agreement,
I think.
Agreed.
Don't you go disappearing
on me again, Michael.
Hey, you did real well,
Mr. Hayes.
You knew they wouldn't
bring it, right?
Uh-huh.
Standard procedure.
Guys like him won't
risk getting screwed
on the first date.
Mmm-hmm.
And what if you
hadn't changed
the chip in the phone?
Well, it would have told him
that the phone
had already traveled
to CIA headquarters
in Langley,
and they'd have shot
both of us in the heads.
I'm hungry.
How about you?
I think I'm gonna pass.
Okay, good night.
(SHOWER RUNNING)
(SOFT R&B MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Even if I forget why
♪ You'll always give me
another reason
♪ This is no empty promise
♪ I can depend upon it
♪ You'll always love me
like that... ♪
(GASPS) My God!
Hi.
This place comes
with everything, huh?
Could you, uh,
give me a towel?
(CHUCKLES) Very funny.
(CLEARS THROAT)
I knew you'd be surprised.
I didn't think
you'd be shocked.
Huh.
Hey, you want some
room service?
No. I'd like a good
stiff drink.
Oh, shit.
It's Nicole.
What?
This isn't exactly
the welcome I expected.
What's up?
Honey, I made
dinner reservations
at our favorite place.
I love that place.
Honey, aren't you
happy to see me?
Yeah!
(CHUCKLES)
Good.
(GASPS)
Mmm.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Uh, I gotta get that.
I'll be right back.
(SIGHS)
How are you doing?
Well, you see
how I'm doing.
Yeah. We have
a problem.
Yeah. You know,
where I'm from, people
pay a lot of money
for problems like that.
That's Nicole.
That's Kevin's...
I mean,
Michael's girlfriend.
(SIGHS)
She works for CNN
in Europe.
So how come you
didn't tell me
Michael had a girlfriend?
Well, they broke up
several weeks ago.
They had a fight,
and she walked out.
Well, it looks like
she forgave him.
What the hell did he fight
with her fine ass for?
Well, apparently,
he had intimacy problems.
He was distant.
Some kind of
psychotherapy crap.
Anyway, she went off
to cover the Balkans.
Okay, so what do you
want me to do?
Take her to dinner.
She's CNN.
If you handle this badly, she
could blow your cover, okay?
(WHISPERS) Okay.
Good.
Don't cheat,
just eat.
Don't cheat, just eat.
That was Jehovah's Witnesses!
Don't cheat,
just eat.
Michael, I hope
you're hungry, baby.
♪ We hoppin' in the whip
And we livin' here
♪ Somebody turn the music up
Tonight
Yeah, I just gotta go
brush my teeth.
♪ Everybody up
Come on, get up
Tonight
♪ One of these ladies
gonna be havin' my baby... ♪
Uh-oh.
(PHONE RINGING)
ANSWERING MACHINE:
Hey, you've reached
the residence
of Pam, Marvin, Julie
and the kids!
Leave a message
at the tone.
(BEEPS)
Julie, this is Jake.
Are you there?
(KIDS CHATTERING)
Okay, if you haven't left yet,
please wait for me.
Please, please.
I got a new job.
It's totally legit...
(ALL CHATTERING)
...and I've changed.
I have totally changed.
I'm a new man.
I'm the man
who loves you.
I love you.
I love you so much.
I didn't even know
how much I loved you
till two minutes ago.
It's Jake.
HAYES: Honey, I am ready
to do anything.
Julie.
JULIE: I love him.
No, you don't!
Honey, what's taking you
so long?
Big sacrifices.
Please wait for me.
Please wait for me!
Jake, I heard you.
I heard every word, baby.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'll be right here.
I love you so much.
(PHONE BEEPING)
Jake...
AUTOMATED VOICE: If you'd like
to make a call...
Jake?
Hello? Jake?
...please hang up
and try again.
(BEEPING)
If you'd like to
make a call...
(HAYES EXHALES)
(SOFT R&B MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ I need to find a place
♪ My own space
Thank you.
♪ Where I can get over you
♪ 'Cause you are so far away
So, are you gonna
make me grovel?
No, not unless
you want to.
Is this fish?
Yeah, of course.
You love fish.
Uh, that's right.
I love fish.
But that's before
I became a vegetarian.
Uh, waiter, waiter.
Uh, I can't eat this.
Can you get me
something else?
How 'bout a steak,
medium-well?
Please?
Of course, sir.
Oh, thanks a lot.
I thought you were
a vegetarian.
Vegetarian?
I'll eat a pig's ass
if they cook it right.
(MILD CHUCKLE)
But enough about me.
How 'bout
those Balkans?
I missed you, Michael.
I'm sorry I left.
(MOANS SOFTLY
AND CHUCKLES)
What's the matter?
There's somebody else.
There is? (CLEARS THROAT)
When did that happen?
Right after you left.
I left you
two weeks ago.
I mean, uh, did you
meet her here in Prague?
No, in Jersey.
New Jersey?
Yeah. I was in New York.
And Jersey's right
next to New York,
and I just took
a little day trip.
Who is she?
What does she do?
(EXHALES)
Well, she's a nurse's aide
at St. Sebastian's Hospital.
Her name's Julie.
She's got curly hair.
(LAUGHS) I get it.
You want me to jump
through a couple of hoops
before you
take me back.
Okay. (CHUCKLES)
I have it coming.
♪ It's killing me
But I'm willing
to work for it.
♪ You're not here with me
♪ You are so far away,
baby... ♪
(WHIMPERING)
Nicole!
You hurt me really bad.
And I can't just let you
yo-yo with my heart, okay?
You hurt me, and I'm
never gonna let it
happen again.
Love don't live
here anymore!
Michael, I've never
seen you like this.
So open.
So...
So in touch with
your feelings.
(CHUCKLING)
Like you could really
be in love with a nurse
from New Jersey!
(CHUCKLING)
(LAUGHING NERVOUSLY)
(SOBBING)
You're just so much more...
(MOANS)
Warm and...
And vulnerable...
(LAUGHS) ...and funny.
Is that like...
No, you didn't
used to be funny before.
That's funny "haha" funny,
or funny "this milk
tastes funny" funny?
(LAUGHING)
See? That's funny.
Mmm.
You're not Michael Turner.
Uh-oh.
Jake and Nicole
are back.
Yeah, and they've
got company.
Okay, let's join
the party.
I'm Michael!
I don't know who the hell
you think you are,
but you're not
Michael Turner.
Come on, you...
You gotta believe me.
I'm Michael!
NICOLE: You're not Michael.
(SCREAMS)
Come on!
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
Who's shooting at us?
Rival antique dealers!
Oh.
Come on! Come on!
Come on!
Down here.
I'm sorry I haven't been
totally honest with you.
So you're
not Michael!
Well, we have
the same DNA
which makes us
kind of the same person!
(WHIMPERING)
(GRUNTS)
Come on!
In here!
Come on. Come on.
Get down.
What is this?
It's just a laundry chute.
Come on, come on.
NICOLE: It's
a laundry chute?
Ew! It smells
in here.
It's just
dirty drawers.
(SHUSHING)
Be quiet.
NICOLE: (WHISPERING)
Are you trying to play
footsie with me?
(SHUSHING)
(GRUNTS)
(CLANGING)
(GRUNTING)
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(GRUNTS)
(NICOLE GASPING)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Huh?
Will you shut
that off?
With what? My ass?
Reach in my pants.
Hell, no!
You've reached
in my brother's pants.
(SIGHS)
God...
(GRUNTS)
Hello?
VAS: Mr. Turner?
Vas. You caught me
at a real bad time.
What are you doing?
Just hang up.
Would you
shut the hell up.
No, you shut up.
Shut up.
Can I call you back?
VAS: Don't bother.
The Olsany Cemetery.
Two hours.
(GASPING)
Shit!
There's people coming.
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(WHISPERING)
Quiet. Quiet.
(WHIMPERING)
(SCREAMS LOUDLY)
(GUNSHOT)
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH SCREAM LOUDLY)
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES)
(BOTH GROANING)
I knew I couldn't
trust Michael.
Always so secretive,
just downright sneaky.
Never even told me
that he had a brother.
Some investigative reporter
I am, huh?
This antique dealing stuff...
This is just a front, right?
You're drug dealers.
You're not even
denying it.
I'm going back to the Balkans
where I'm safe.
See, I told you
I'd handle it.
Very smooth.
Sir, those were
Dragan Adjanic's men.
All dead.
Well, obviously he thinks
you're still alive.
Uh, by the way,
Vas called.
We're on
in two hours.
Olsany Cemetery.
As we speak, our field
operatives are staking out
their perimeter positions.
They'll be with you
all the way.
So will we.
Officer Welles has installed
a G4 satellite-tracking
device to your vehicle.
Unfortunately, that's all
we can manage safely.
(BEEPS)
Vas will be more worried
about wiretaps
than he will
about weapons,
and you can expect
him to check both
your car and you.
Seale is on his way
to the money-transfer site
at present.
Obviously we want you
to connect to the bomb
in the computer
and begin the
verification process
as soon as possible.
Most importantly,
once you're connected
to the bomb, a signal
will be established
via satellite
between your computer
and Welles here,
who will try to steal
the arming codes
while you check the bomb.
So, if they don't have
the codes,
they can't detonate
the bomb?
Right. But you
may have to stall.
You may need to buy
them some time.
Now, you'll hear
three short tones when
the process is completed.
(BEEPING THRICE)
Once you've heard
the tones,
you're satisfied
the bomb is real,
Vas will give me
the account number,
and I call Seale and
authorize the transfer
of money.
And as soon as I get
the word from Seale,
I'll provide confirmation
of the transfer of
the $19 million
from the Midlands
National Bank
in Grand Cayman.
You're gonna give this guy
$19 million?
I thought you was
my man!
$19 million?
Actually, it's all
digital dollars.
Ones and zeroes, man.
See, we issue
a wire transfer.
The receiving bank seeks out
a GFX authorization sequence
verifying the funds
are available.
It'll take his bank
48 hours to realize that
the money doesn't exist.
If the shit hits the fan,
you got that watch.
Oh, then I'll know
what time it is
when the shit
hits the fan.
Well, what's this?
(ALARM WAILING)
Hey, hey,
hey, hey!
Somebody just walked out
with a sweater.
That's a panic button.
You press that,
and the cavalry comes in.
There are a lot of people
counting on you, Mr. Hayes.
OAKES: This is
Olsany Cemetery.
Almost two million people
are buried here.
HAYES: You think Vas is trying
to tell us something?
OAKES: Mmm-hmm.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Yes?
(WHISPERS) It's Vas.
Yes, he's with me.
Graficka Road East.
(SCANNING)
Graficka Road East,
people.
Is that one of ours?
It's one of theirs.
Well, why does he
have someone following us
if he's the one who's
telling us where we're going?
He's following us to make sure
no one else is following us.
But someone is.
OAKES: Yeah, that's what
makes it so much fun.
They're headed for
open country.
Make sure they don't
get too close.
Dog One,
this is Carolina.
Be advised, we're on
a loose leash.
WOMAN: Roger that, Carolina.
OAKES: Here's Mr. Smiley.
Get out of the car.
Your coats, please.
Thank you.
(SCANNING)
Mmm. You must be very trusting
people to come out here
all alone, unarmed.
What makes you think
we're alone?
Ah. Straight ahead.
Parish, McCain,
come in.
Okay, we're in position.
SWANSON: Sir, we're in place
outside Chotesov Monastery.
VAS: Ah, here they are!
And my good friend,
Michael.
Welcome to my church
where we worship money.
Okay, let's get started.
You wanted to look
under the hood.
So look under the hood.
We're online.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Let's go to work,
people.
(BEEPS)
Casing unit.
(BEEPING)
Apex mirror.
Detonating block.
(ALARMS BLARING)
MICHELLE: This is insanity.
Just one electrical surge,
and you'll blow us
all to hell.
Chill, Michelle.
I mean, relax.
Relax, Michelle.
Downloading new
authentication code.
(MAN SPEAKING
IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
One hundred and seventeen
seconds to completion.
Now, as soon as
I verify
the uranium deflector
is of weapons grade,
we can all be
on our merry way.
Uranium deflector?
This is
plutonium reflector.
Plutonium.
That's what I meant.
Sixty seconds.
(SPEAKING IN
FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Michael, why is this
taking so long time?
I'm running one last
diagnostic test.
I mean, if you stayed
on top of things,
you'd understand
that the traditional checks
are not 100% foolproof.
This last test
was designed by
the head of nuclear science
at Cal Tech,
a Dr. Dre.
Thirty seconds.
(SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Dr. Dre, along with Dr. Erving
and Professor Griff,
and the rest of
the Wu-Tang Clan,
know that it is best,
when you have
a baseline screen situation,
to achieve a postopular
cataclysmic calibration
or something we like to
call the Shaq Attack.
Shaq Attack?
Yes. Named after
Dr. O'Neal
of, uh, Los Angeles,
formerly of Orlando.
All we need are
the arming and the
disarming codes.
I know, I know,
but it's a mess.
I mean, I'm looking at it,
and I don't know what's what.
We're gonna have to
dump it all just to get
the two codes, sir.
I hope we can
stall long enough,
because there's,
there's so much
information here.
What we're doing
right now
can help not only
in nuclear energy
but also medicine,
food...
(BEEPING)
I believe everything
is in order.
Sorry, sir.
But have the codes been moved
to Jake's computer?
Yeah.
All right, let's get him,
the bomb and the computer
back here on the double.
VAS: You got the bomb.
Now where is my
remaining $19 million?
(RINGING)
Yes, sir.
Show them the money.
Copy that.
(PROCESSING)
Vas's account number
received.
Initiating wire transfer from
Midlands National Bank
of Bullshit.
Oh, man, is Vas
gonna be pissed
when he goes to
an ATM.
Fantastic.
It's working.
(LAUGHS AND KISSES)
I love it. American
and Russians work
together again
with Swiss bank
accounts.
Gentlemen, I hope to
see you never again.
(LAUGHS)
Dragan Adjanic.
You know any
good prayers?
You got a lot of nerve
showing your face
in my church.
HAYES: Wait. That's the guy
who killed my brother,
isn't it?
OAKES: Uh-huh.
Michelle. What the hell
is he doing here?
Hey, Michelle,
I told you not to
deal with him!
What's happening?
Somebody
do something.
Very interesting.
Vas is being double-crossed
by his own men.
Come on, shoot him!
What time is it,
Mr. Hayes?
(ALARM WAILING)
Code red! Code red!
Everybody, move!
Kill him.
(BEEP)
(COCKS GUN)
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Here's the computer.
There's your
bloody bomb.
Where's my money?
Triple-cross.
Come on!
(GUNSHOTS AND FIRING)
Having fun,
Mr. Hayes?
(GRUNTING)
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
Don't shoot the bomb,
you fool!
Don't shoot me either!
Go! Go!
Take the bomb!
I'm going,
I'm going!
(GRUNTS)
You drive!
Go on!
(BULLETS CLINKING)
Hey, wait for me!
Come on.
(BEEPING)
Come on, go.
Faster.
I'm going! I'm going!
(PANTING)
MCCAIN: It's a bloodbath, sir.
Vas and his men
are dead.
HAYES: Come on, man!
You're James Bond!
Shoot the tires out
or something!
OAKES: Can't get
close enough!
Well, do something!
Throw out some tacks
or something!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(GRUNTS)
Well, you got
your wish.
I wish for
Jennifer Lopez naked.
We've looked everywhere.
They're just not here.
Look, I have satellite
position on them.
I can assure you
they're there.
(BEEPING)
Wait a minute.
Hold on, sir.
(BEEPING)
They lost their
tracking device.
(GLASS SHATTERING)
Whoa!
What the hell
are you doing?
What, not smooth enough
for your ass?
It's not my ass
I'm worried about.
It's the bomb
in the backseat.
There's a bomb
in the backseat!
Yeah!
Oh, we're gonna die!
Have a little faith,
Mr. Hayes.
I'll have a little faith
if you give me a little gun!
(BLANK SHOTS)
Damn!
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
Whoa! Whoa!
(SCREAMING)
(BOTH GRUNT)
Are you okay?
Oh, here they come.
Here they come.
OAKES: Pull back! Pull back!
They're shooting at us!
Shoot the gun!
Come on, pull back.
Pull back!
I'm pulling!
(GRUNTS)
OAKES: Hit him!
Hit the
son of a bitch!
(HAYES SCREAMS)
Get off! Off!
Take a bus!
(YELLING)
No!
Uh-oh!
Whoop his ass!
Yeah!
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTING)
Get him! Get him! Get him!
Kill him! Shoot him!
Do something!
I got glass in my ass!
I want to go to Jersey!
I want to see my girl!
I want to watch Oprah!
(MUFFLED SCREAMING)
Put your head
in the car!
in the damn car!
(GRUNTING)
He's whoopin' your ass!
No! No!
OAKES: Take it!
(GRUNTS)
(GROANING)
Back it up!
Come on, back up!
Okay, okay,
I'm backing up!
Get the bomb!
Faster!
I can't...
(GLASS SHATTERING)
No! No, no!
Do something!
I want more money!
(HAYES SCREAMING)
I hate you!
(COUGHING)
I don't know about you,
but I'm hungry.
Can someone give me
some good news?
Yeah. He successfully
downloaded the arming codes
into the computer.
But they still have
the computer?
OAKES: True, but he's put
his retinal signature in.
"Welcome, Michael Turner."
Try again.
SEALE: So, obviously they
can't access it without Jake.
YATES: And when
they figure that out?
So what do we
do now, sir?
We have to make sure that
Jake's eyes don't meet
that computer screen.
Right.
Wrong.
Wrong?
Sir, eventually someone
will break the lock
and access the code
with or without Jake.
So basically we, uh...
We must find them before
that happens.
Well, there is the obvious way
to flush them out.
We dangle him?
No. Give him a wire.
They pick him up.
He gives us a signal
when he sees the nuke.
Look, if his eyes
get anywhere near
that computer,
we take everyone out,
including him.
I need an executive finding
from the President
immediately.
So he's expendable.
Is that it?
You need to get the subject
on board. You tell him
whatever you want.
Subject?
Oakes, we both know
this is the only way.
Yeah.
No!
No! It ain't
happening! No!
You want me to be your little,
little worm on a hook!
They never heard of
Jake Hayes!
They don't even know
I exist!
Just let me go back to Jersey,
get my girl and disappear!
Hey, man,
I'm sorry
I'm not Kevin.
But even Kevin didn't
make it out of this alive.
Will you let me
show you something?
No.
That's Jersey.
So what?
OAKES: Okay, let's look
at where you live,
for example.
Where Julie lives.
Your foster mother.
These people have
a nuclear bomb, Jake.
(EXPLOSION)
The blast alone
will kill thousands.
Then comes the shock wave...
Blowing away buildings,
tunnels, bridges.
And then comes
our old friend, radiation,
spread by wind and water,
infecting the living
and the unborn.
And I think we,
just you and me,
might have a chance
to stop it.
That's all I'm saying.
'Cause they've got us
in check, Mr. Hayes
and, uh, we can't let them
get checkmate, can we?
Look...
The way I see it,
you only got three moves.
Attack,
retreat, or block.
You can't attack,
'cause you don't know
where they are.
Retreat, boom.
Then we block.
You could block.
But you only got
one piece left.
And that's a pawn.
Sir, these gentlemen
wish to see Mr. Turner's
phone records.
Mr. Turner's phone records
are sealed.
(GRUNTS)
Mr. Turner made one phone call
to the United States.
To Jersey City,
New Jersey.
Hey! What? No!
Oh, help!
Help! Help!
Go, go, go, go, go!
You, what do you want?
Just take whatever
you want!
(SHUSHING)
What is your connection
to Michael Turner?
I don't know
a Michael Turner.
Who?
Him.
That's my boyfriend.
That's Jake.
Did he sell you
bad tickets?
You're still there,
right?
Yes, we're still here,
Mr. Hayes.
Y'all got guns, right?
Yes, we have guns,
Mr. Hayes.
Okay.
Make sure you got
bullets in 'em.
Mmm-hmm.
Lots of bullets.
(PHONE RINGING)
Answer the phone,
Mr. Hayes.
Michael Turner Antiques.
JULIE: Jake?
Julie! How'd you find me?
Michael Turner?
HAYES: (STAMMERS) Who's this?
Or should I call you
Jake, Mr. Hayes?
You have one chance
of seeing this woman alive.
Take the next
plane to New York,
return to your
apartment in New Jersey
and wait till I call you.
If you're followed,
she will die.
If you attempt to involve
any authorities, she will die.
Just let me talk to her!
(HANGS UP)
Hello? Hello!
Sorry.
You used Julie!
She was your pawn, right?
No.
So all this bullshit
about being something
bigger than you and me
meant something bigger
than me and Julie, right?
Will you let me explain?
Just get me on
a goddamn plane.
MAN: (OVER RADIO)
Delta-zero Sierra.
This is Oscar-seven Tango.
Oscar-seven Tango.
(INDISTINCT YELLING)
MAN: Let's go!
Let's go! Let's go!
It's got to
come up now.
Now!
Notify all units...
All right.
I'm injecting a spread
spectrum transceiver
behind your ear.
So we'll hear what you hear,
and if they take you
to the bomb, we'll know it.
Hold still, please.
(SCREAMS) Come on, man!
You can't put that in
a flower or somethin'?
No, it'd be
too obvious.
Now, I'll be linked to you
the whole time. That's it.
Good luck, son.
Let's go.
There's something
I ought to tell you.
I know. If the situation
gets out of hand,
they could take
me and Julie out.
Don't worry, son.
There'll be extra money
in this mission.
Now, first of all,
I'm not your son.
Second of all, did it
ever occur to you that
I might want to do somethin'
'cause it's right thing?
Hey! I'm the one
with a dead brother!
I'm the one
who misses his girl!
And I'm supposed to put up
with your shit 'cause
you're a spy? Big deal!
Every woman on
the planet's a spy.
I mean, you guys
can't even find
Saddam Hussein.
You know, if you told
a woman right now
at 8:00 in the morning
that her husband
was sleeping with
Saddam Hussein,
she'd be able to find Saddam
by 8:00 at night and say,
"Saddam, don't you
ever come around
my house no more!"
Hey, I did you
a favor, okay?
You called me!
Now, if you ever
talk down to me again,
I'm gonna beat
your ass so bad,
you'll be the only guy
in heaven with a wheelchair!
You better act right
before you get
smacked right, bitch.
Hmm.
All right, the show's over.
Go back to work!
A bomb on American soil,
that's the nightmare
we've always talked about.
How do you think
they got it here?
You'd be surprised
by what you can
send by air freight.
Did we?
Did we use
his girlfriend, huh?
No, but I'm sure
Yates would
if he thought of it.
(PHONE RINGS)
Hello?
Listen closely.
No, no. You listen closely!
I got to hear her voice!
I want to hear her voice!
Right now!
You are in no position
to make demands, Mr. Hayes.
But if it
gives you pleasure...
(GROANS)
No! No! Don't hurt her!
Tell me what you want!
They want him to wait
outside his apartment
for a car to pick him up.
We've initiated positions
here, here and here
to set up a tail.
How do they shake us?
MAN: Well, we can
assume that they think
we are shadowing them.
YATES: Right. So they may
move him 10 or 20 times
before they think
they've lost us.
Okay, we got
the gray Ford van.
Gray Ford van.
Wish we didn't have
to do it this way.
Well, I'm sorry if my plan
lacks the perfect precision
with which you've
handled the case so far.
(ENGINE STARTS)
Radiation detection units
are scouring the city.
And we've issued portable
ABG spectrometers to all
surveillance teams.
We need to talk
worst-case scenario.
Evacuation readiness.
Let's have the National Guard
standing by.
MAN: National Guard,
this is Comm Center Four.
Stand-by for instruction.
Roger that, Comm Center Four.
Standing by.
SEALE: They're pulling
into the abandoned
St. Francis hospital, sir.
Take positions.
We have six
viable entry points.
Move.
Where's Julie?
Quiet. Do as
you're told.
Where's Julie?
I hope you're going to
play ball with us.
That's Dragan.
Hey, man,
I ain't doing shit
till I find Julie.
Oh.
(CURRENT BUZZES)
(GASPS)
What the hell was that?
(GROANS)
We've lost the audio
with Hayes, sir.
All right. We move to
the contingency plan.
MAN: Yes, sir.
We can't afford
to take any chances here.
Hit your entry points
hard on my command.
If it breathes, it dies.
Hold it! Think we've
got something!
Entry teams, pull back!
Pull back!
MAN: (OVER RADIO)
Entry teams, pull back!
Here he comes.
Okay, they're moving him.
Everything is going
according to plan.
Back on plan, people!
Keep your distance, folks.
They may do this dance
all day long.
(HAYES GRUNTS)
MAN: Get up!
DRAGAN: Well, you're on
your own now, Mr. Hayes.
(BEEPING)
Sir, I'm getting a signal
back with Hayes!
See if you can clean it up.
Will do, sir.
I'm heading down to
communication central!
Looks like they're
heading back to Jersey.
Wonder what the hell
they're doing.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Sir, what are you doing?
Your eyes are going to
activate this computer.
The only question is,
will they still be
in your head?
Where's Julie?
Oh, she's lovely!
And she will
stay that way
if you cooperate.
JARMA: Open your eyes,
Mr. Hayes, and look
into the computer!
No!
Open your damn eyes!
HAYES: (GROANS) No!
They're trying
to scan his eyes.
Jesus Christ,
the bomb is in the van.
Entry teams, the van is hot!
Move now!
Cut away his eyelids.
(SCREAMS)
(BEEPING)
SEALE: Sir, they're
going to take out Jake.
What are we doing?
OAKES: It isn't Jake.
How do you know?
They had to have a decoy.
Bring the subject out
with a bag over his head.
You do the math.
Faster! Go!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(GUNS COCKING)
YATES: Hold your fire!
Subject is down.
Repeat, Jake Hayes is down.
It's not him.
The bomb's not here.
(GUN CLICKS)
(SPEAKING RUSSIAN)
It's done.
Thank you.
See you on the other side.
Did you use
the password?
Password?
Hey, I don't
speak terrorist,
but I only counted
eight number sequences.
And you're gonna need
the seven-letter password
to activate the mechanism.
(SPEAKING RUSSIAN)
Bullshit.
No, see that's...
That's eight letters.
There's no password.
The bomb is already armed.
Hi.
What took you so long?
I almost killed somebody!
Did they arm
the bomb?
Yeah, this one just
called in enabling codes.
I got to find Julie.
Okay, the bomb's hot.
There's a fail-safe measure
built into the detonator.
Should give us
a short countdown period.
How short?
On the outside,
20 minutes.
What's the inside?
Five to ten.
Did they say
where the bomb was?
No.
She's not here!
When we find the bomb,
we'll find her.
Did they say anything?
Just think.
Try and remember. Come on.
Think.
Redial!
They called in the codes.
They called in the codes!
Okay, hold on.
(BEEPS)
Give me the address
to this number. 4-3-1-9-7-4.
Listen, I need this address.
Listen, listen.
Get me this number.
Take me to that address!
I need it now! Not later, now!
MAN: Yes, sir.
Okay, it's coming, Oakes.
Coming. Yeah!
Listen up, folks.
MAN: 89 East 42nd Street!
89 East 42nd!
Wait a minute.
That's Grand Central Station!
That's three blocks
from here. Come on!
Support can re-route
and be there in 20 minutes.
OAKES: Get out of the way!
CIA! Coming through!
Out of the way!
Move! Move!
Get out of the way!
Get out!
Move it! Move it!
Get out of the way!
Out of the way!
Move it!
All right.
The call originated
from over there.
Could be anywhere.
This is one hell
of a place to blow up.
Times Square is
a few blocks away!
Power grids...
The whole infrastructure
of the city could collapse.
(BEEPING)
I'm getting
something here.
HAYES: Wait, what's that?
This is a low-energy
gamma scintillation probe.
Oh, yeah.
I left mine's at home.
The case is lined
with lead.
We'd only get a hit
if we were within
100 square yards.
So we got a hit, right?
Yeah, well, the auto-range
indicates it's here.
In here, where?
Here where?
It's right here.
The signal is constant.
(BEEPING INTENSIFIES)
It's under us! Come on!
Move it!
Move! Move!
Out of the way!
Move!
(INDISTINCT ANNOUNCEMENT
ON SPEAKER)
Signal's getting stronger!
CIA. We need your help!
MAN: (ON SPEAKER)
This is Emergency Services.
Please evacuate the building.
Out of the way!
(SIRENS WAILING)
Move! Move! Move!
Move! Move!
This way!
HAYES: Come on!
Out of the way!
SEALE: Come on!
We're real close!
What's in there?
Lost luggage.
Open it.
This lock's been
tampered with.
OAKES: Get away
from the door!
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
Jake. Get the bomb.
I'll cover you.
Why don't you
get the bomb
and I'll cover you?
Okay, I'll get the bomb!
(GRUNTS)
Okay, go, go!
(GROANS)
Julie!
No, no.
Hold on. Hold on.
Ah.
(GROANS)
Jake?
(GRUNTS)
Jake, where are you?
HAYES: I'm coming!
It's in the final phase.
Three minutes and it's
goodbye to half of Manhattan.
I need you here for
the enabling codes.
You said if we
found the bomb,
we'd find Julie!
I need you here now!
Come on!
Jake, I'll find her.
(GROANS)
You're bleeding, man.
You're, you're bleeding!
Now, listen to me.
When they
scanned your eyes
you saw the codes.
Try and remember them.
Whenever I hear numbers,
my head converts them
into chess moves
or seats at the Garden.
It's the only way
I could remember.
Take your time.
Just relax.
You know the codes.
You can do it.
I know you can.
Okay. Queen's bishop three,
across from
mezzanine section...
3-0-4!
Okay. Let's see.
I saw a queen's bishop
three, aisle seat,
in section 142.
142.
Two more to go.
Okay. I think I got it.
(DOOR OPENS)
Did you find her?
(GUNSHOT)
(JULIE WHIMPERS)
Touch that bomb,
she dies.
Keep going, Jake.
The bomb goes off,
everybody dies.
OAKES: Two more numbers.
(TIMER BEEPING)
They'll learn
what death is.
Your country grows fat
while people all over
the world starve.
You stay at home,
you watch our blood
spilled on television...
War reduced
to video games.
He's stalling, Jake.
Enter the codes now!
You take sides in conflicts
you know nothing about,
dictating to other people
how they should live.
You're so keen
on playing God.
(CHUCKLES) Well,
now is your chance
to meet him!
I'll give you
three seconds.
Then I'll kill her.
Go ahead.
One!
Two!
No. I'll kill you!
Three!
(WHIMPERING)
(GROANS)
(JULIE SCREAMING)
(INDISTINCT CLAMORING)
Move, move, move!
Jake, what...
Honey, honey...
I love you. Let me do this.
Rook six four.
Three! Okay, okay.
One more, one more!
(INDISTINCT CLAMORING)
Wait a minute.
(WHISPERS) A, B,
C, D, E, F, G...
Move, move!
Three.
(MOUTHING) One.
(TIMER BEEPS)
(MACHINE POWERS DOWN)
Well, that's done.
That's it?
That's all it does?
Beep, beep, beep?
That's all
we wanted it to do.
(DOOR EXPLODES)
(SCREAMS)
HAYES: Don't worry,
baby. It's okay.
JULIE: (SHUDDERING) Jake.
Clear, sir.
Go ahead. Go, go!
SWANSON: Officer Seale
is down. We need a medic.
It's gonna be
all right. It's okay.
Who is that?
Where's the bomb?
Right here.
How much time
do we have?
OAKES: Mr. Hayes
defused the bomb.
HAYES: Don't worry.
HAYES: I've got you.
YATES: Oakes has been hit!
Roger that.
HAYES: Stay with me.
(JULIE WHIMPERING)
I love you.
JULIE: I missed you.
HAYES: I missed you, too.
People, we did it.
(ALL CHEERING)
Well, which star
is your brother's?
There are
no names, Ma.
Agent identities
are never revealed,
even after they die.
But they're all
honored right here.
Their names are
written in this book,
their families sign it,
and then the pages
are sealed forever.
It's a book of
forgotten heroes.
Nah, they're
not forgotten.
Jake?
Hey.
Thanks for keeping me
off that wall.
Well, stay off of it!
Okay.
Ma?
This is from
me and Julie.
I just hope it brings
a little joy in your life.
Aw, I knew you'd
make me proud! (LAUGHS)
Oh, this is just such...
Oh, good Lord!
$90,000?
No, that's
the wrong one, Ma.
Here, this is yours.
This is for
when we get married.
(GASPS) Oh!
(CHUCKLES)
Oh, $10,000 is
much more than I need.
Then give some back!
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
Hey, honey.
Can you walk Ma
to the car?
I got to talk
to Oakes.
Yeah.
(CHUCKLING)
Congratulations on
your engagement.
So, I'll see you at
the wedding, right?
Goodbye, Mr. Hayes.
Oh, I see.
No personal attachments.
(ALL CHEERING AND CLAPPING)
Take this!
Here, take this.
(LAUGHING)
Hey. Yeah, what's up?
How are you?
(CHUCKLES) What's up, man?
Congratulations, Mr. Hayes.
Oakes!
You didn't RSVP.
I figured weddings
weren't your thing.
I'm on a new assignment.
Well, if you're supposed
to be undercover
at a black wedding,
I think you
the wrong guy
for the job!
An old friend of Kevin's
escaped from Rikers Island.
Hey, man, I don't care
if he escaped from
Temptation Island!
I'm not going nowhere.
I just got married.
Can't a brother
get a piece of cake?
The guy who escaped
is Carlos Palmeros,
the world's foremost assassin.
Carl... I don't care
if it's Carlos Santana!
The world's
foremost guitarist.
"The world's
foremost assassin."
That's like
the Tiger Woods of murder!
Well, Kevin was responsible
for putting him away.
The problem is he thinks
you're Kevin so he's coming
after you to kill you.
Oh! No. No.
That's not happening.
That's right.
I just got married,
I'm gonna go off
with my wife,
I'm gonna be happy for
two years, and I'm gonna
be miserable for 90.
Just like
everybody else!
(LAUGHS)
I got you. I got you!
So there's no killer?
No. Not yet.
So you just came here
for my wedding?
I wouldn't have missed it.
Not for the world.
Oh, I get it.
So, you and Swanson
are next.
Me? No. I'm never gonna
get married. Not again.
You never gonna
get married again?
The first thing
you got to learn is...
Don't take your girlfriend
to a wedding.
We may need to call
on you in the future.
It's your wedding present...
From us, at the agency.
Two tickets to Hawaii?
I can't
take this, Oakes.
Jake, sweetie?
Come on.
Your wife is calling you,
Mr. Hayes.
Husband!
Get in the car, bitch.
Hey, Oakes!
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Never say never.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUDING)
♪ I'm all out of love
♪ I'm so lost without you
♪ I know you were right,
believing for so long
♪ I'm all out of love,
what am I without you
♪ I can't be too late to
say that I was so wrong ♪
♪ Yo, yo, yo, yo
♪ Breathe in, breathe out
♪ Do the chickenhead,
go on, let it out
♪ Breathe out, breathe in
♪ Put ya back in
and let ya knees bend
♪ Breathe in, breathe out
♪ Do the monastery,
go on, let it out
♪ Breathe out, breathe in
♪ Put ya back out
and let ya knees bend
♪ Somebody move,
nobody get hurt
♪ This is official, man,
only for dance floor experts
♪ And party animals and me
being a rhyme cannibal
♪ Flammable Hannibal,
while it's bangin',
it's understandable
♪ Now back to somebody
movin', nobody get hurt
♪ My intentions on this one
is the party wait up for sho'
♪ Now go to work
and do the chicken
(IMITATES ROOSTER CROWING)
♪ Do the chicken
and once you do it's kickin'
♪ Believe me dirty,
it's kickin' through the door
♪ Throwback Vokal valore
♪ I see me a do it fresh
off tour, head to the floor
♪ Take it round, round,
chickenhead, breakin' it down
♪ Created by my town
the monastery is found
♪ There won't be no
extra space to waste
♪ Pick up the pace,
see your heart rate
♪ And if you start
to hyper-ventilate
♪ Breathe in, breathe out
♪ Do the chickenhead,
go on, let it out
♪ Breathe out, breathe in
♪ Put ya back in
and let ya knees bend
♪ Breathe in, breathe out
♪ Do the monastery,
go on, let it out
♪ Breathe out, breathe in
♪ Put ya back out
and let ya knees bend
♪ First, ladies put
ya drink by ya purse
♪ Fellas, tuck in ya shirt
and put in biblical words
♪ Sayin', ladies get ya
dip right and ya hip right
♪ Fellas, ya betta find that
and get behind that
♪ Third, you can do it,
shaken or stirred
♪ Slow up per word
and flap like a bird
♪ Four, do it some more,
five, make sure it's live
♪ Six, ladies and fellas,
here we go now, swing
♪ Seven, laid back like
you lookin' for heaven
♪ Let ya body preach
like we in church
and you the reverend
♪ Eight, if you made it
this far, dirty you straight
♪ If not, you better practice
and get it for it's too late
♪ Nine, is this the time
to prepare for the dime?
♪ Ten, start all over again
♪ Breathe in, breathe out
♪ Do the chickenhead,
go on, let it out
♪ Breathe out, breathe in
♪ Put ya back in
and let ya knees bend
♪ Breathe in, breathe out
♪ Do the monastery,
go on, let it out
♪ Breathe out, breathe in
♪ Put ya back out
and let ya knees bend ♪
♪ Six million ways
to live, we live lavish
♪ Superior deluxe rap status
♪ To carry that mattress
with no bounce
♪ A sharp cactus, blanket
♪ Leavin' scratches
across the atlas
♪ Buildin' above civilians
♪ Takes two looks
to recognize the villain
♪ Two blinks
to make your heart sink
♪ Three-sixty degrees
like a roller rink
♪ That's how my life
moves upon a solar ring
♪ Try so hard my soul
to sing, but still my pen
moves on to bolder things
♪ Can't hang like
a soldier around you
♪ He who can't compete
against a flowing thing
♪ Blood is the life
through the mainframe
♪ Keep it up top
of stray slayings
♪ How you livin', power driven
to the maximus, passionate
♪ Innocent to
where the action is
♪ A small fraction
of the population
♪ Holding down its occupation
♪ It's wrong concentration
♪ A simple conversation
I'll listen to the rhythm
♪ Sometimes we don't agree,
but not afraid to
talk about it openly
♪ I took it overseas
to lock it down totally
♪ Package it like groceries
♪ You take it to the apex
♪ Even straight
brothers golden
♪ To my peeps across the ocean
♪ Brother, you sober
or stay smokin'
♪ Down, down to earth
or stay floatin'
♪ Flood gates
about to break open
♪ Six million ways to live
♪ Six, Six-six-six
million ways to live life
♪ Boy, there's
six million ways to live life
♪ Whole lot to give, yo,
so we grab mice
♪ 'Cause there's six million
ways to live lavish
♪ Beyond all the misery
and mathematics
♪ Oh, there's six million
ways to live
♪ Six million ways to live
♪ 'Cause there's six million
ways to live lavish
♪ Beyond all the misery
and mathematics
♪ Six million ways to live
♪ Six million ways to live ♪